Hi, guys, in this lesson, we're going to look at how we can use lifecycle rules to manage our objects.
I'm back in history, I'm going to choose my DCT cloud storage bucket and then go to management.
And here we can create a lifecycle rule.
So the first rule I'm going to create is simply going to be called transition current.
Now you can choose to limit the scope of the role using filters like a prefix, or you can choose all
objects.
I'm going to choose all objects.
Now we've got some rule actions here.
We can transition current or previous versions, expire current versions or permanently delete previous
versions.
And we can delete expired delete markers or incomplete multiple uploads.
Now what I want to do for this rule is maybe I want to transition the current versions of my objects
only.
So let's say that after a period of, let's say, 30 days, I want to move my objects from standard
to standard, i.e. because I know that they're less likely to be used after 30 days for this particular
use case.
So that's my first transition.
Now, maybe I also know that after an even longer period of time, maybe after 90 days, there very,
very rarely, if ever used.
So maybe at that point I can archive the objects completely and we can see there is a per object cost
for this transition.
I have to acknowledge that.
I understand that.
So that's my rule.
You can see it shows you what's happening to current versions versus previous versions.
So if the current versions D0, the object gets uploaded after 30 days, it gets transitioned to Standard
II and then after 90 days, the object's transition to glacier.
So let's create that rule now.
Maybe I want another one, this one I'm going to call expire.
Previous.
Again, it's going to be for all objects.
But this time what I'm going to do is permanently delete the previous versions of objects, and I just
need to specify days.
So now have 30 days.
So after 30 days, those non-current versions, the previous versions will be deleted.
So now I have a couple of rules so you can create multiple rules and then you have to work out, you
know, what are the effects of actions going to be on my objects?
Once you've created rules, these are enabled.
You have a couple of options whereby you can disable a rule or you can delete it.
So perhaps we don't need to actually transition any objects.
So let's just go ahead and disable these rules.
And that's it.
That's really all there is to the actual configuration of lifecycle rules.
You just need to understand what you want to do, and then it's quite simple to implement it.